Update FAQ page (#559)
tachiyomiorg/website: src/help/faq/README.md

* Migrate to another source that does not have duplicates. For more information on how to migrate a manga, see the [migration guide](/help/guides/source-migration/).

#### Why are some covers white after restoring from backup?
The URL to the cover has probably changed. To fix this, refresh covers in settings.

::: guide
Refresh your covers by going to <Navigation item="more"/> → <Navigation item="settings"/> → <Navigation item="settings_advanced"/> then pressing **Refresh library manga covers**.
:::

### Browse

#### Why can't I find a certain manga?
Sometimes you can struggle to find a source that has the manga you're looking for. Here are some tips to help you find it:
::: guide Tips to find your manga
1. Look up the manga on [Google](https://google.com/) or a manga database such as [MangaUpdates](https://www.mangaupdates.com/).
1. See if the manga has any alternate spellings or other title variations. Try searching again in your sources with the alternate titles you found.

> 1. If you still can't find the manga in any of your sources, then try to search for an extension for the site you've found in step 1 in the [extensions](/extensions/) list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you still can't find the manga in any of your sources, then try to search for an extension for the website you've found in step 1 in the [extensions](/extensions/) list.
```

Author: Done, thanks

> #### If you find the manga on a specific scanlator/aggregator site and they do have an extension
> Download the corresponding extension, click on it under <Navigation item="browse"/> → **Sources**, and then search for the manga there.
> #### If you find the manga on a specific scanlator/aggregator site and they don't have an extension
> Check if adding the site as an extension has [already been requested](https://github.com/tachiyomiorg/tachiyomi-extensions/issues). If it hasn't been, you can [request it yourself](https://github.com/tachiyomiorg/tachiyomi-extensions/issues/new/choose).

Reviewer: I think you could probably omit (web)site here
```suggestion
#### If you find the manga on a specific scanlator/aggregator and they do have an extension
Download the corresponding extension, click on it under <Navigation item="browse"/> → **Sources**, and then search for the manga there.
#### If you find the manga on a specific scanlator/aggregator and they don't have an extension
Check if adding the site as an extension has [already been requested](https://github.com/tachiyomiorg/tachiyomi-extensions/issues). If it hasn't been, you can [request it yourself](https://github.com/tachiyomiorg/tachiyomi-extensions/issues/new/choose).
```
or 
```suggestion
#### If you find the manga on a specific scanlator/aggregator website and they do have an extension
Download the corresponding extension, click on it under <Navigation item="browse"/> → **Sources**, and then search for the manga there.
#### If you find the manga on a specific scanlator/aggregator website and they don't have an extension
Check if adding the site as an extension has [already been requested](https://github.com/tachiyomiorg/tachiyomi-extensions/issues). If it hasn't been, you can [request it yourself](https://github.com/tachiyomiorg/tachiyomi-extensions/issues/new/choose).
```

Author: Done, thanks

> If the scanlator/aggregator doesn't have an online manga reader, you can download the manga from their website and set up the series as a [local manga](/help/guides/reading-local-manga).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the scanlator or aggregator doesn't have an online manga reader, you can download the manga from their website and set up the series as a [local manga](/help/guides/reading-local-manga).
```

Author: Updated, thanks

> If the scanlator/aggregator doesn't have an online manga reader, you can download the manga from their site and set up the series as a [local manga](/help/guides/reading-local-manga).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the scanlator/aggregator doesn't have an online manga reader, you can download the manga from their website and set up the series as a [local manga](/help/guides/reading-local-manga).
```

Author: Done, thanks

Enable it by going to <Navigation item="library"/> → <Navigation item="filter"/> → **Display** section and then checking the **Download badges** option at the bottom.
:::

#### How do I ignore duplicate chapters?
Every now and then you find a manga that is translated by more than one group. Because of this, you get multiple releases for each chapter in the manga. There are several ways to skip the duplicate chapters:

* On the manga page, click on <Navigation item="filter"/> → **Sort** and choose **By chapter number**. This will cause the reader to skip duplicates as you read.

> * Bookmark or mark as read the unwanted chapters, then click on <Navigation item="filter"/> → **Filter** and double-tap **Bookmarked** or single-tap **Unread**, respectivly. This will hide any bookmarked chapters and skip them as you read along, as long as you have **Skip filtered chapters** is enabled under <Navigation item="more"/> → <Navigation item="settings"/> → <Navigation item="settings_reader"/> → **Reading**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Bookmark or mark as read the unwanted chapters, then click on <Navigation item="filter"/> → **Filter** and double-tap **Bookmarked** or single-tap **Unread**, respectively. This will hide any bookmarked or read chapters and skip them as you read along, as long as you have **Skip filtered chapters** enabled under <Navigation item="more"/> → <Navigation item="settings"/> → <Navigation item="settings_reader"/> → **Reading**.
```

Author: Oof, not sure how I missed that. Thanks

::: note
Related GitHub issue: [#65](https://github.com/tachiyomiorg/tachiyomi/issues/65)
:::

### Local Manga

#### How do I import my manga into Tachiyomi?
We recommend you to read [this](/help/guides/reading-local-manga) guide on how to do so.

#### What do I do if I can't find the Tachiyomi folder?
If you don't see the **Tachiyomi** folder on your device, try setting download location to default and downloading a chapter of any manga so that the folder can be created.
If you don't see the **Tachiyomi** folder on your device, try setting the download location to default and downloading a chapter of any manga so that the folder can be created.

::: guide
Set download location to default by going to <Navigation item="more"/> → <Navigation item="settings"/> → <Navigation item="settings_downloads"/> → **Download location** and selecting first option. Restart the app after changing download location.
:::

#### How to fix empty cover for a local manga?
#### How do I fix empty/blank covers on my local manga?
Sometimes some covers for local manga aren't displayed. Follow these steps to fix it:

> ::: guide

Reviewer 4: is there a reason you removed the guide here? otherwise, you'll need to remove the ending of it.

Author: No, that was a mistake, good catch.

> Certain devices such as MIUI have very aggressive battery saving, which can kill the app in the background. To whitelist Tachiyomi from your battery saver, go to <Navigation item="more"/> → <Navigation item="settings"/> → <Navigation item="settings_advanced"/> and click on **Disable battery optimization**.

Reviewer 4: we should probably mention https://dontkillmyapp.com/ as most aggressive battery saving devices need a lot more than just this setting.

Author: Added, thanks

Refresh your covers by going to <Navigation item="more"/> → <Navigation item="settings"/> → <Navigation item="settings_advanced"/> then pressing **Refresh library manga covers**.
:::

#### How do I ignore chapters from certain scanlator groups?
Every now and then you find a manga that is translated by more than one group. Because of this, you get multiple releases for each chapter in the manga. The easiest way to fix this is to change sorting to **Total chapters**. You won't see any changes but, when you start reading you'll automatically skip the duplicate releases.

> 

Author: Added them in, thanks

> 

Author: Added them in, thanks

### Browse

#### Why can't I find a certain manga?

> Sometimes you can struggle to find a source that has the manga you're looking for. Here for some tips to help you find it:

Author: Done

::: guide Tips to find your manga
1. Look up the title on [Google](https://google.com/) or a manga database such as [MangaUpdates](https://www.mangaupdates.com/) to see if it has any alternate spellings or other title variations.

> 1. Check if a specific website or scanlator has the series, then look for them in the [Extensions](/extensions/) list.

Author: Done, thanks

#### If you find the manga on a specific website/scanlator and they do have an extension
Download the corresponding extension, click on it under <Navigation item="browse"/> → **Sources**, and then search for the manga there.
#### If you find the manga on a specific website/scanlator and they don't have an extension
Check if adding them as an extension has [already been requested](https://github.com/tachiyomiorg/tachiyomi-extensions/issues). If they haven't been, you can [request it yourself](https://github.com/tachiyomiorg/tachiyomi-extensions/issues/new/choose).

If the website/scanlator doesn't have an online manga reader, you can download the manga from their site and set up the series as a [local manga](/help/guides/reading-local-manga).
:::

### Reader
#### Why are some images not displayed?
Aside from network issues, it could be because the images are too big or that the decoder doesn't support that image type.

### Downloads
#### How do I download several chapters or manga simultaneously?

> The app doesn't allow simultaneous downloads from one source to prevent IP bans caused by too many requests. We know that speed is being sacrificed but it's better than not being able to access a source at all.

Author: Good point, re-addded

Refresh your covers by going to <Navigation item="more"/> → <Navigation item="settings"/> → <Navigation item="settings_advanced"/> then pressing **Refresh library manga covers**.
:::

::: guide
Change library sorting by going to <Navigation item="library"/> → <Navigation item="filter"/> → **Sort** section then in this case selecting **Total chapters**.
:::

### Browse

#### Why can't I find a certain manga?
Sometimes you can struggle to find a source that has the manga you're looking for. Here are some tips to help you find it:
::: guide Tips to find your manga

> 1. Look up the title on [Google](https://google.com/) or a manga database such as [MangaUpdates](https://www.mangaupdates.com/) to see if it has any alternate spellings or other title variations.
> 1. Try searching again with the alternate titles you found.
> 2. If you still can' find the manga in any of your sources, use the names you found in Step 1 to check if a specific scanlator site or more niche aggregator site has the series, then look for them in the [Extensions](/extensions/) list.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Look up the manga on [Google](https://google.com/) or a manga database such as [MangaUpdates](https://www.mangaupdates.com/).
1. See if the manga has any alternate spellings or other title variations. Try searching again in your sources with the alternate titles you found.
1. If you still can't find the manga in any of your sources, then try to search for an extension for the site you've found in step 1 in the [extensions](/extensions/) list.
```

Author: Updated, thanks

#### If you find the manga on a specific scanlator/aggregator site and they do have an extension
Download the corresponding extension, click on it under <Navigation item="browse"/> → **Sources**, and then search for the manga there.
#### If you find the manga on a specific scanlator/aggregator site and they don't have an extension

> Check if adding them as an extension has [already been requested](https://github.com/tachiyomiorg/tachiyomi-extensions/issues). If they haven't been, you can [request it yourself](https://github.com/tachiyomiorg/tachiyomi-extensions/issues/new/choose).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Check if adding the site as an extension has [already been requested](https://github.com/tachiyomiorg/tachiyomi-extensions/issues). If it hasn't been, you can [request it yourself](https://github.com/tachiyomiorg/tachiyomi-extensions/issues/new/choose).
```

Author: Updated, thanks

> If the website/scanlator doesn't have an online manga reader, you can download the manga from their site and set up the series as a [local manga](/help/guides/reading-local-manga).

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be 
```suggestion
If the scanlator/aggregator doesn't have an online manga reader, you can download the manga from their site and set up the series as a [local manga](/help/guides/reading-local-manga).
```

Author: Updated, thanks

:::

### Reader
#### Why are some images not displayed?
Aside from network issues, it could be because the images are too big or that the decoder doesn't support that image type.

### Downloads
#### How do I download several chapters or manga simultaneously?
The app doesn't allow parallel downloads from one source to prevent IP bans caused by too many requests. We know that speed is being sacrificed but it's better than not being able to access a source at all.

However, if you're downloading several manga from different sources, the app will start downloading simultaneously from up to 5 different sources.

#### Why do my downloads sometimes stop midway through?

> Be aware that it could be a network issue on your device or on the site you are trying to download from.

Reviewer: Maybe use `website` because `site` means multiple things, which may be confusing to non-native English speakers 
```suggestion
Be aware that it could be a network issue on your device or on the website you are trying to download from.
```

Author: Good catch, thanks

#### How do I log in with Kitsu?
To log in with Kitsu you need to use your email address as your username.

#### Why can't I find manga in MAL's search results?
You can search a manga from your MAL profile's list by searching in the following format: `my:<manga>`. To search manga that isn't in your list, you can use the following format: `id:<id from manga URL>`.
::: note
Related GitHub issue: [#65](https://github.com/tachiyomiorg/tachiyomi/issues/65)
:::

> 

Author: Ok, I added it back. I also reworded it to make it more helpful.

::: guide
Set download location to default by going to <Navigation item="more"/> → <Navigation item="settings"/> → <Navigation item="settings_downloads"/> → **Download location** and selecting first option. Restart the app after changing download location.
:::

#### How do I fix empty/blank covers on my local manga?
Sometimes some covers for local manga aren't displayed. Follow these steps to fix it:

::: guide
Go to <Navigation item="more"/> → <Navigation item="settings"/> → <Navigation item="settings_advanced"/> and tap **Refresh library manga covers**. If that does not work, follow the steps below:

> 

Author: I removed it, we can decide if we want to re-add it later.

### Miscellaneous

#### What is Tachiyomi Preview?
It's a weekly-updated, beta version of the app. It contains features that may be added to Tachiyomi in the future but also is more prone to bugs and crashes. Tachiyomi Preview is used by developers and contributors to test the app and find bugs.

If you are willing to use Tachiyomi Preview, be sure to [turn on auto-backup](/help/guides/creating-backups/#turning-on-auto-backups) to prevent losing your library due to potential bugs or crashes.

#### Why can't I uninstall Tachiyomi?

On **Android 10**, a bug was introduced which prevented users from uninstalling the app if the device had a MicroSD card. To fix the issue, please remove the MicroSD card from the device first, then uninstall Tachiyomi.

#### Will there be an iOS version?
There is no iOS version and there are no plans for one. Since iOS and Android apps don't share code, it's hard to port.

#### Will Tachiyomi ever be on the Google Play Store?

> Due to Google Play's content policy, almost certainly not, as they do not allow the APK system to work. The content on some sites will lead to Google taking it down at some point, and Inorichi does not want to have to deal with it as they have stated [before](https://github.com/tachiyomiorg/tachiyomi/issues/1745#issuecomment-441208074).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to Google Play's content policy, almost certainly not, as they do not allow the APK system to work. The content on some websites will lead to Google taking it down at some point, and Inorichi does not want to have to deal with it as they have stated [before](https://github.com/tachiyomiorg/tachiyomi/issues/1745#issuecomment-441208074).
```

Author: Done, thanks

#### Will there ever be a dual-page reader option?
The logic required to make a dual-page reader automatically work along with scanlator page inconsistencies and other issues means it is unlikely to be added at this time.

> #### Why can I see manga pages in my phone's photo library?

Author: Done

Learn how to create automatic backups [here](/help/guides/creating-backups/#turning-on-auto-backups/)
:::

#### Why can't I restore my backup?
To restore backups, **Tachiyomi** requires to have extensions installed for the respective manga you want to restore. The app should warn you if you attempt to restore a backup without having the necessary extensions installed.

## Extensions

### General

#### What are some recommended extensions?
Tachiyomi does not endorse or recommend any manga source, and there is no best extension. Rather, we encourage users to spend some time trying out a few sources themselves, and discover what sources work best for them. What works well for somebody else might not work well for you.

<ElAlert type="info" title="Disclaimer" description="Tachiyomi is not hosting any content, we are not affiliated with or responsible for any source that is; slow, down, missing chapters, or has subpar image quality." show-icon :closable="false"></ElAlert>

#### What are scanlator sources?

> Manga that are not officially licensed are translated by scanlators, who either publish on their own website or on **MangaDex**. This is in contrast to official sources like **MangaSee** or **MANGA Plus By SHUEISHA**, which host officially licensed and translated manga.

Reviewer 3: You can also add viz here, since it's also official

> Manga that are not officially licensed are translated by scanlators, who either publish on their own website or on **MangaDex**. This is in contrast to official sources like **MangaSee** or **MANGA Plus By SHUEISHA**, which host officially licensed and translated manga.

Author: Thanks, updated

> Manga that are not officially licensed are translated by scanlators, who either publish on their own website or on **MangaDex**. This is in contrast to official sources like **MangaSee** or **MANGA Plus By SHUEISHA**, which host officially licensed and translated manga.

Author: Whoops, missed your most recent comment. Viz is a better example than Toomics, I'll add that in instead.

::: guide
User [SnakeDoc83](https://github.com/snakedoc83) has made a handy spreadsheet showing the different multi-source extensions and their sources.
::: note
Access the spreadsheet [here](https://tachiyomi.org/extensions-spreadsheet)
:::
#### Which sources are in the multi-source extensions?
Some extensions contain multiple sources. Consult the [extension list](/extensions/) to find out which extension to install for the specific source that you want.

#### How do I request a new extension?
Open an issue [on GitHub](https://github.com/tachiyomiorg/tachiyomi-extensions/issues) if one does not already exist.
Open an issue on [GitHub](https://github.com/tachiyomiorg/tachiyomi-extensions/issues) if one does not already exist.

::: note
You can find the list of extensions to download [here](/extensions/)
:::

#### Why won't the extensions install?
In some cases your phone might have some issues downloading the extensions, in those cases you can try installing them yourselves directly from the source.

To install just download the file for the extension you want and then install it, like how you installed **Tachiyomi**.

> 

Author: Ohhhh. I added it back but completely rewrote it to make more sense. Thanks for that, not sure how I missed it.

Learn how to create automatic backups [here](/help/guides/creating-backups/#turning-on-auto-backups/)
:::

#### Why can't I restore my backup?

> To restore backups, **Tachiyomi** requires to have extensions installed for the respective manga you want to restore. The app should warn you if you attempt to restore a backup without having the necessary extensions installed.

Reviewer 4: This is not completely true anymore due to the new backup system, so may need to change it or just link to /help/guides/creating-backups/#restoring

Author: Was feeling lazy, just linked to the guide

Learn more about scanlation in this **Wikipedia** [**article**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scanlation).

#### How do I ignore duplicate chapters?
Every now and then you find a manga that is translated by more than one group. Because of this, you get multiple releases for each chapter in the manga. There are several ways to skip the duplicate chapters:

1. On the manga page, click on <Navigation item="filter"/> → **Sort** and choose **By chapter number**. This will cause the reader to skip duplicates as you read.
1. Bookmark the unwanted chapters, then click on <Navigation item="filter"/> → **Filter** and double-tap **Bookmarked**. This will hide any bookmarked chapters and skip them as you read along.

> 1. Migrate to another source that does not have duplicates. For more information on how to migrate a manga, see the [guide](/help/guides/source-migration/).

Author: Done, thanks

:::
When installing your first extension and are prompted that your phone *isn't allowed* to install unknown apps from that source, simply follow the prompt to allow it.

In *newer* versions of **Android** you need to enable **Install unknown apps** on a per-app basis.
::::
:::: el-tab-pane label="Android 7.1 and lower"
::: videolink
[<MaterialIcon icon="videocam"/> Click for Android 7.1 and older video guide](/assets/faq_unknown-sources-a7.webm)
:::
When installing your first extension and are prompted that your phone *isn't allowed* to install unknown apps from that source, simply follow the prompt to allow it.

> In *older* versions of **Android**, you only need to enable **Unknown sources** globally.

Author: Thanks, added second comma

<ElAlert type="info" title="Disclaimer" description="Tachiyomi is not hosting any content, we are not affiliated with or responsible for any source that is; slow, down, missing chapters, or has subpar image quality." show-icon :closable="false"></ElAlert>

#### How do I ignore chapters from certain scanlator groups?
You can go to the manga's page in **WebView** and block groups you do not want to see. Leave **WebView** and refresh the manga, and the group's chapters should be gone.

#### Is there an alternate searching method?
**MangaDex** allows you to search using the ID number to find manga. The easiest way to get the ID is by opening the manga in your browser and looking at the URL.

::: guide
An example search would be **`id:23427`** which would return results for [Candy & Cigarettes](https://mangadex.org/title/23427/candy-cigarettes)
:::

#### How do I deal with duplicate chapters in MangaDex?
This can be solved by opening **MangaDex** in <Navigation item="webview"/> and block the scanlator group whose chapter you don't want to see.

> 

Author: Done, thanks

#### How do I ignore chapters from certain scanlator groups?
You can go to the manga's page in <Navigation item="webview"/> and block groups you do not want to see. Close <Navigation item="webview"/> and refresh the manga in the app. The group's chapters should be gone now.

#### Is there an alternate searching method?
**MangaDex** allows you to search using the ID number to find manga. The easiest way to get the ID is by opening the manga in your browser and looking at the URL.

::: guide
An example search would be **`id:23427`** which would return results for [Candy & Cigarettes](https://mangadex.org/title/23427/candy-cigarettes)
:::

#### How do I fix chapters from Mangaplus being broken?
Install the **MANGA Plus by SHUEISHA** extension instead and then migrate the manga that uses **MANGA Plus** on **MangaDex** onto the **MANGA Plus** source.

::: note
Read about source migration [here](/help/guides/source-migration/)
:::

### **Mangakakalot**, **Manganelo**, **Mangabat** and **Mangairo** (Formerly Mangaobx)

#### What do `Page list is empty` and `Source URL has changed` mean?

> The former **Mangabox** extensions have created new entries for many of the manga on their sites. The old entries are obsolete and will not work. To resolve this, [migrate](/help/guides/source-migration/) the manga from the source to itself in order to get the new entry, or better yet to a different source entirely to avoid similar errors in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The former **Mangabox** extensions have created new entries for many of the manga on their websites. The old entries are obsolete and will not work. To resolve this, [migrate](/help/guides/source-migration/) the manga from the source to itself in order to get the new entry, or better yet to a different source entirely to avoid similar errors in the future.
```

Author: Done, thanks

#### How do I ignore chapters from certain scanlator groups?
You can go to the manga's page in <Navigation item="webview"/> and block groups you do not want to see. Close <Navigation item="webview"/> and refresh the manga in the app. The group's chapters should be gone now.

#### Is there an alternate searching method?
**MangaDex** allows you to search using the ID number to find manga. The easiest way to get the ID is by opening the manga in your browser and looking at the URL.

::: guide
An example search would be **`id:23427`** which would return results for [Candy & Cigarettes](https://mangadex.org/title/23427/candy-cigarettes)
:::

#### How do I fix chapters from Mangaplus being broken?
Install the **MANGA Plus by SHUEISHA** extension instead and then migrate the manga that uses **MANGA Plus** on **MangaDex** onto the **MANGA Plus** source.

::: note
Read about source migration [here](/help/guides/source-migration/)
:::

### Former Mangabox extensions

#### What happend to Mangabox?

> As part of a general move to split up multi-source extensions, the Mangabox extension was removed, and all of its sources were made into their own extensions, namley **Mangakakalot**, **Manganelo**, **Mangabat** and **Mangairo**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As part of a general move to split up multi-source extensions, the Mangabox extension was removed, and all of its sources were made into their own extensions, namely **Mangakakalot**, **Manganelo**, **Mangabat** and **Mangairo**.
```

Author: Nice catch, thanks

#### What do `Page list is empty` and `Source URL has changed` mean?

> The former **Mangabox** extensions have created new entries for many of the manga on their websites. The old entries are obsolete and will not work. To resolve this, [migrate](/help/guides/source-migration/) the manga from the source to itself in order to get the new entry, or better yet to a different source entirely to avoid similar errors in the future.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The former **Mangabox** extensions have created new entries for many of the manga on their websites. The old entries are obsolete and will not work. To resolve this, [migrate](/help/guides/source-migration/) the manga from the source to itself to get the new entry, or better yet, to a different source entirely to avoid similar errors in the future.
```

Author: Updated, thanks

<ElAlert type="info" title="Disclaimer" description="Tachiyomi is not hosting any content, we are not affiliated with or responsible for any source that is; slow, down, missing chapters, or has subpar image quality." show-icon :closable="false"></ElAlert>

#### How do I ignore chapters from certain scanlator groups?

> You can go to the manga's page in <Navigation item="webview"/> and block groups you do not want to see. Close <Navigation item="webview"/> and refresh the manga in the app. The group's chapters should now be gone .

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can go to the manga's page in <Navigation item="webview"/> and block groups you do not want to see. Close <Navigation item="webview"/> and refresh the manga in the app. The group's chapters should be gone now.
```

Author: Done, thanks

#### Is there an alternate searching method?
**MangaDex** allows you to search using the ID number to find manga. The easiest way to get the ID is by opening the manga in your browser and looking at the URL.

::: guide
An example search would be **`id:23427`** which would return results for [Candy & Cigarettes](https://mangadex.org/title/23427/candy-cigarettes)
:::

#### How do I fix chapters from Mangaplus being broken?
Install the **MANGA Plus by SHUEISHA** extension instead and then migrate the manga that uses **MANGA Plus** on **MangaDex** onto the **MANGA Plus** source.

::: note
Read about source migration [here](/help/guides/source-migration/)
:::

### **Mangakakalot**, **Manganelo**, **Mangabat** and **Mangairo** (Formerly Mangaobx)

#### What does `Page list is empty` mean?
**Mangakakalot** and **Manganelo** have created new entries for manga on their sites again. Some old entries are obsolete and will not work. To resolve this, [migrate](/help/guides/source-migration/) the manga from **Mangakakalot** or **Manganelo** to another source.

#### What does `Source URL has changed` mean?

> This means that the manga is dead and needs to be migrated from **Mangakakalot** or **Manganelo** to a different source. Refer to the [migration guide](/help/guides/source-migration/)

Reviewer 3: Those manga are actually still on kakalot/nelo/etc but with different url. To fix it, users need to migrate from kakalot/nelo/etc to kakalot/nelo/etc. But along with this we also recommend to migrate to another source at all. Maybe something like `Migrate the manga from kakalot/nelo/etc back to kakalot/nelo/etc, or better yet to another source to avoid similar errors in future`.

Also should either mention all sources or replace them with some general name.

Author: I updated the information and consolidated the first two errors, thanks.

1. Choose an option like **Smart list** or **Prioritize source**.
1. Go back to **MangaPark**'s chapter list and refresh it.

### Mangabox

#### What does `Page list is empty` mean?
**Mangakakalot**/**Manganelo** have created new entries for manga on their sites again. Some old entries are obsolete and will not work. To resolve this, [migrate](/help/guides/source-migration/#source-migration) the manga from **Mangakakalot**/**Manganelo** to another source.

#### What does `Source URL has changed` mean?
This means that the manga is dead and needs to be migrated from **Mangakakalot**/**Manganelo** to a different source. Refer to the guide for **Page list is empty** above.

#### How do I fix the `Image could not be decoded` error?
Open the manga in WebView and wait for the image to comes up. If the image isn't loading you will need to look elsewhere to read that particular manga, as some Mangabox sources, such as Mangakakalot, are now blocking entire regions.

> 

Author: Re-added and updated, thanks

### Webtoons.com

#### How do I fix the `Page list is empty` error?
You will have to open the manga entry in WebView and verify your age, as Webtoons has recently added age verifications on their site.

### Japscan

#### Why are some Japscan chapters not loading?
Japscan has some manga that are scrambled using a different algorithm than others on their site. If you encounter a manga being scrambled, use a different source to read.

> 

Author: Huh, that is weird. I hand-waved it by saying it uses a "a very complicated method of accessing pages".

> **KissManga** closed permanently in August 2020.

Author: Huh. I added it back and formatted out those weird collapsible things since they were a pain and an extra click for readers. I am under the impression that those should only be used for large stretches of content or optional addtions.

1. Choose an option like **Smart list** or **Prioritize source**.
1. Go back to **MangaPark**'s chapter list and refresh it.

### JapScan

#### Why are some JapScan chapters not loading?
The **JapScan** extension uses a very complicated method of accessing pages. If you encounter a manga that does not load or is scrambled, use a different source to read.

### Webtoons.com

#### How do I fix the `Page list is empty` error?

> You will have to open the manga entry in WebView and verify your age, as Webtoons has recently added age verifications on their site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will have to open the manga entry in WebView and verify your age, as Webtoons has recently added age verifications on their website.
```

Author: Done, thanks

1. Choose an option like **Smart list** or **Prioritize source**.
1. Go back to **MangaPark**'s chapter list and refresh it.

### JapScan

#### Why are some JapScan chapters not loading?

> The **JapScan** extension uses a very complicated method of accessing pages. If you encounter a manga that does not load or is scrambled, use a different source to read.

Reviewer 2: You can remove this section if you'd like. Japscan's encryption is so complicated that it's not worth keeping an extension anymore, aside from a janky version that screenshots the pages.

Author: Done, thanks
